the whiskers are on the warpath this is
meerkats at their meanest tails up backs
arched war dancing is a visual show of
strength the bigger the show the better
the chance the other group will turn
tail and flee
without Ernesto whiskers are missing a
warrior but this time Swift and the
other pups make up the numbers
[Music]
these gyms are the dividing line between
whiskers territory and another family
called Sequoia
but this little pup is showing no fear
[Music]
the intruders must have realized there
was no point in putting up a fight
they're nowhere to be seen
the whiskers are just too strong Swift
has passed her first test in the art of
meerkat warfare
[Music]
with so many close calls recently the
whiskers are still on high alert when
they spot a lone male in the distance
naturally they're nervous it could be a
scout from a neighboring troop males
often go out scouting for mating
opportunities but if the family catches
one he'll be killed the whiskers are not
in a friendly mood here come whiskers
Swift's they're at the front they're
going going going going going I've lost
them got to move
but there's a fantastic surprise ah
that's amazing
it's not a rogue male it's an esto
[Music]
and the family warmly welcomed him back
meerkats are utterly remarkable two days
ago he was bitten by a Cobra this animal
should be dead
Ernesto has been through the wars but
now he's reunited he's going to be okay
he's a real warrior living proof of just
how resilient these remarkable little
animals are